.TH "controller/ctrl_buddy.c" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 1" "upkeeper" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
controller/ctrl_buddy.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <upkeeper.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'controller.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBcreate_buddy_statedir\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBremove_buddy_statedir\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBspawn_buddy\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBkill_buddy\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBsend_buddy_cmd\fP (int fd, \fBbuddy_cmnd_t\fP cmd)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static char * \fBbuddy_sock_path\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy, char *pathbuf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcreate_buddy\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBremove_buddy\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbuddy_connect\fP (const char *sockpath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbuddy_info_t\fP * \fBbuddy_readstate\fP (int fd)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBhandle_buddies\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBstart_buddy_svc\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBstop_buddy_svc\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBreload_buddy_svc\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int buddy_connect (const char *sockpath)"
.PP
References upk_alert.
.PP
Referenced by handle_buddies(), kill_buddy(), reload_buddy_svc(), start_buddy_svc(), and stop_buddy_svc().
.SS "\fBbuddy_info_t\fP* buddy_readstate (intfd)"
.PP
References _buddy_info::command, _buddy_info::desired_state, _buddy_info::remaining, _buddy_info::service_pid, _buddy_info::timestamp, UPK_CTRL_ACK, upk_debug0, upk_debug1, upk_uuid_to_string(), _buddy_info::uuid, _buddy_info::wait_pid, and _buddy_info::wait_status.
.PP
Referenced by send_buddy_cmd().
.SS "static char* buddy_sock_path (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy, char *pathbuf)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
References DEFAULT_BUDDY_ROOT, _upk_svc_desc::Name, and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by create_buddy(), kill_buddy(), reload_buddy_svc(), start_buddy_svc(), and stop_buddy_svc().
.SS "void create_buddy (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References buddy_sock_path(), create_buddy_statedir(), spawn_buddy(), and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "static bool create_buddy_statedir (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References _upk_controller_config::controller_buddy_sock, _upk_svc_desc::custom_action_scripts, DEFAULT_BUDDY_ROOT, _upk_svc_desc::Name, _upk_svc_desc::ReloadScript, _upk_svc_desc::StartScript, _upk_svc_desc::StopScript, UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN, upk_runtime_configuration, upk_verbose, and UPKLIST_FOREACH.
.PP
Referenced by create_buddy().
.SS "void handle_buddies (void)"
.PP
References buddy_connect(), DEFAULT_BUDDY_ROOT, send_buddy_cmd(), UPK_CTRL_STATUS_REQ, and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by event_loop().
.SS "bool kill_buddy (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References buddy_connect(), buddy_sock_path(), send_buddy_cmd(), UPK_CTRL_SHUTDOWN, and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by remove_buddy().
.SS "bool reload_buddy_svc (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References buddy_connect(), buddy_sock_path(), send_buddy_cmd(), UPK_CTRL_ACTION_RELOAD, and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by controller_packet_callback().
.SS "void remove_buddy (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References kill_buddy(), and remove_buddy_statedir().
.SS "static bool remove_buddy_statedir (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Referenced by remove_buddy().
.SS "static bool send_buddy_cmd (intfd, \fBbuddy_cmnd_t\fPcmd)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
References buddy_readstate().
.PP
Referenced by handle_buddies(), kill_buddy(), reload_buddy_svc(), start_buddy_svc(), and stop_buddy_svc().
.SS "bool spawn_buddy (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References _upk_svc_desc::Name, and upk_fatal.
.PP
Referenced by create_buddy().
.SS "bool start_buddy_svc (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References buddy_connect(), buddy_sock_path(), send_buddy_cmd(), UPK_CTRL_ACTION_START, and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by controller_packet_callback().
.SS "bool stop_buddy_svc (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *buddy)"
.PP
References buddy_connect(), buddy_sock_path(), send_buddy_cmd(), UPK_CTRL_ACTION_STOP, and UPK_MAX_PATH_LEN.
.PP
Referenced by controller_packet_callback().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for upkeeper from the source code.
