.TH "libupkeeper/upkeeper/upk_config.h" 3 "Wed Dec 7 2011" "Version 1" "upkeeper" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
libupkeeper/upkeeper/upk_config.h \- 
.PP
configuration implementation for controller and services.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'upk_include.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_upk_svc_desc\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIservice configuration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_upk_controller_config\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcontroller configuration. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB_upk_svc_desc\fP \fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIservice configuration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB_upk_controller_config\fP \fBupk_controller_config_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcontroller configuration. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBUPKLIST_METANODE\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP, \fBupk_svc_desc_meta_p\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_svc_desc_free\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *svc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_svclist_free\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_meta_t\fP *svclist)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_ctrlconf_free\fP (\fBupk_controller_config_t\fP *cfg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_ctrl_free_config\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_svcconf_pack\fP (\fBupk_controller_config_t\fP *cfg, const char *json_string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_ctrl_load_config\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_svc_desc_clear\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *svc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBupk_concat_svcid\fP (char *dest, const char *pkg, const char *name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBupk_svc_id\fP (char *dest, \fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *svc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_parse_svc_id\fP (char *key, \fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *svc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct json_object * \fBupk_svclist_to_json_obj\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_meta_t\fP *svclist)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct json_object * \fBupk_svc_desc_to_json_obj\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *svc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBupk_json_serialize_svc_config\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *svc, \fBupk_json_data_output_opts_t\fP opts)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_overlay_svcconf_values\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *dest, \fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *high)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_overlay_ctrlconf_values\fP (\fBupk_controller_config_t\fP *dest, \fBupk_controller_config_t\fP *high)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_finalize_svc_desc\fP (\fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *dest, \fBupk_svc_desc_t\fP *orig)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_load_runtime_service_file\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupk_load_runtime_services\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBupk_svc_desc_meta_t\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBupk_ctrl_configuration_file\fP [8192]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char \fBupk_default_configuration_str\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupk_controller_config_t\fP \fBupk_default_configuration\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupk_controller_config_t\fP \fBupk_file_configuration\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupk_controller_config_t\fP \fBupk_runtime_configuration\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
configuration implementation for controller and services. 

Structures and prototypes handling and defining service and controller's configuration. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for upkeeper from the source code.
